Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Come on!
Where's James?
He went home.
Do you want to see what he has in there?
7 .23 .48 .83 through 3 .14 .84A.
11 .17 .55... You
want me to do a recap?
rather disappointing.
Where's Jane?
Okay.
Beautiful.
Give me the names of all of them. and
you two can call a cab.
Adieu.
If you fire. it could activate it first.
It's in your grip. Daniel.
You create. it activates.
Stop in your grip.
I'll put it down. You don't know how to
use it.
And it almost killed me. Now place the
device on the ground.
Stand down. Do not
exert any pressure on it.
Take a few breaths.
Take a few breaths. Let's open your
hands.
That's it.
Put everything in the backpack and get
in the car. Please. James.
Get up.
You're not running some malware off your
phone. Hide behind a screen in your
stiff.
The world is on the brink. Do you
actually believe that dumping Inman
anything more than a dangerous
distraction?
How is the interrogation?
History doesn't have a reset key. If you
do this. there's no undoing it.
That's the plan.
How did they beat you?
They said you committed treason?
Not treason. They're not the government
when they lie for a living.
What is going on. Daniel?
The car's contracted. We've got to get
rid of it. Take me home.
They'll be waiting in your apartment.
Hand me the clear plastic bag.
Hugo. I'm clear.
Daniel. I'm so proud of you. They
kidnapped James against me.
She's with me now.
Is she all right?
Not really. Hugo.
Where do I get the drop? No drop yet.
It's secure. And then... No!
Send a guy to the bag now.
Somebody needs to run with this thing.
That's you.
You've got the ball.
I don't want the ball.
No. the plan was I get it out of the
facility. and I did.
I decided you were best qualified to
keep the material safe.
Are you out of your mind?
No. I'm not a field guy. Hugo. I did the
tech work. That's all I can do.
Just stay with me. We're on plan.
I'm waiting now for someone else to be
activated.
When they hop. we're open there.
Leave Jane somewhere safe and get the
fuel for the night.
Oh. no. I'm not leaving her alone.
She'll be leaving without you.
But she wasn't.
I'm going to need you to drop a marker
when you get secure.
Our friend Santiago will find you.
Right now.
You cannot. under any circumstances. do
that.
For now. we wait.
Stay alert. Find shelter.
Santiago will put us together in the
morning.
Destroy your father.
I don't want to cut to the network. We
only used them once.
What exactly do you do for a living?
I've got to get secure for the night. No
apartments. no motels. I have to be
somewhere I've never been before in my
life.
I know a place close to here.
Sir.
he will not only hear from me. but pick
up the phone.
Sir. if you can get a whiff of that.
we'll have the entire military and
intelligence apparatus up here in an
hour.
Handle him.
Anything relevant to this one needs to
be... Not yet.
So. Schultz. we'll take care of private.
All quiet.
Well. no. Schultz. you can do it.
All we have to do is get all clearance
above G5.
All right. so we're dealing with a
nomination.
Kathy coordinated and executed.
Why? With what goals?
If they wanted the archive out. Kellner
would have already released it. but he
hasn't. which means somebody's
maintaining decision space. but for how
don't know. said him quickly.
Daniel Kellner has a doctorate in
theoretical and applied cybersecurity.
he's spent the better part of eight
years safeguarding high -side data. so
does that tell us about him?
Ideas. come on. He built the firewalls.
he knows how to breach them. They're
already breached. we've got to play past
that. We've got to make sure that
they're distributed.
I can access that.
Sir?
Cue the wig that didn't show up for him
this morning.
His desk was cleaned out.
Is that all we do?
How do you know that's my heart?
Jane!
Look.
in your finally surrendered sneakers.
Oh. I couldn't bear another shave. I
know.
She got so close.
I missed you very much. my dear.
Oh. come on. All I ever did was drive
you and the other sisters crazy. Well.
didn't ask a lot of questions.
Did Teresa ever get through a potluck?
She did.
Did she stop sneaking out at night?
No. Am I seeing her? Has she changed her
grade?
Oh. she'll be fantastic with kids.
See. then I think so.
I'm not going to ask you any questions.
It's not my business.
But Jane is.
Whatever you have done. you must hold
yourself accountable.
But leave Jane out of it.
She didn't stay with us.
You were a nun?
We've had sex.
What do you think?
I think everything you tell me about
yourself isn't true.
You have an enormous amount of nerve.
Yeah. I kept things to myself because I
had to find a way in my life. But your
thing? Yes.
You were an actual nun?
A novitiate.
Why didn't you say anything?
I only did a portion of my story. People
judge you.
What law fell down?
Three years ago.
And I'm not answering any more questions
until you do.
What did you steal?
I stole the data they paid me to
protect.
Why would you do that?
Because people have a right to know the
truth.
And what is it?
The truth you stole.
You wanted to be a nun. but what. you
lost your faith?
I lost my calling.
How long have you worked with these
people?
Since I got out of
federal prison eight years ago.
I did 19 months in Petersburg for five
years.
Organs who flew me straight out of the
parking lot the day I was released.
You don't like your records?
Because of my records.
I keep secrets for a living. I didn't
mean to keep them from you.
Three months ago. I know half of what I
know now.
Shame.
I'm doing the right thing.
The data that I took. it's not
proprietary. It shouldn't be.
It's the truth.
We know. and we don't own it any more
than we can own air or life.
What I stole. it belonged to 8 billion
people.
The whole wide world.
It's going to shove that warm air all
the way up through your troposphere.
going to mass condense it like crazy.
And if that formation goes high enough.
it'll super cool the water vapor. We're
going to get my favorite precipitation
of all time. Mia. I have to. I have to.
I'm sorry. I can't. I can't stop.
It's hail.
I do.
I do. You know. I still love everybody
else.
It would be so condescending because I
think the only thing that you really got
wrong was the weather.
I don't know if this is the... That's
what I feel.
Did you watch the thing I sent you?
What thing?
The audition.
Oh. shit.
Yes. No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I just. I
forgot. Hey. I'll watch it now. Okay.
but listen. Gunther taped it for me.
alright? And the actor sent it the wrong
copy. I can't get to see. so I wrote it
myself. Just bear it in mind.
This is Martha Fairchild at KCIC for
Kansas City.
Reports from Pyongyang took a worrying
turn as KPA dissidents seized four more
military bases east of the Nakdong
River. including two with nuclear
capabilities. At the same time. Russian
state television reiterated its starkest
threat to Seoul regarding the massing of
forces at the 38th parallel.
In the north. Vice Marshal Park Myung
-soo now claims full control of the
disease.
It's good.
It's good. That's really good. You're
really good.
Really? Yeah. it's really good. You're
good.
You're always good. I'm serious.
It's just. I love what you're doing now.
You know?
Weather power.
You got KCX -y weather hair on.
And it's like gay sexy.
I think we should move.
Again? Yep.
Okay. He just wallpapered the bedroom in
a random way.
I don't know. Where do you want him to
be? I don't know. Just like. they're in
market. They're in a city.
They're in Dallas. I'm sure it's not a
big market.
I don't know. I didn't feel right. I
don't know. I don't think Dallas is
I'm supposed to be.
Well. then. okay. Like. where are you
supposed to be today?
I don't know when you get there.
I am.
I don't know.
Can't you just sit still for a little
bit? One night.
Okay.
I'm good here.
I know.
Okay. I'm in the flow.
I get to play my own stuff.
I don't have to DJ anymore. If it wins.
it depends.
Saturdays. down in the field.
Answer to every problem and not just the
backup that you all...
Don't shoot. Get out of here.
Don't shoot.
Out of here.
That's humor. huh?
Mac. you okay?
Hey. Mac. you okay?
You okay?
Are you all right?
Where did you learn?
Stop it! Stop it!
Where the hell is that?
Is it Russian or is it Polish or
something for like a story?
We're just talking about it.
When did you learn Russian?
I don't know.
Oh. God. I've got to go. I'm on live at
7 .23. I got moved up.
Oh. okay.
Okay. let's just talk about it later.
Well. we can talk about it now.
God. I love you.
Do you want to go to your purse here?
You can just stop there. okay? Okay.
Turn your engine off. Sure. yeah. You
know how it is. Like. it's a fun song.
It's a beautiful day. Just in a line.
You go through fast.
License registration.
Absolutely.
There you go.
Take your license out of your wallet.
Sure. yeah.
Go ahead and step out of the car.
please.
Um. if that's really necessary. it's
just for my job. I have to be exactly on
the dot. like. to the minute. because we
go on and on. I get it.
I know who you are. and whether you can
wait.
Step out of the car. please.
Sir. I... I don't want to have to ask
you again.
Or you're just having a bad day.
What? She didn't mean it.
Who? Adam. Those things she said to you
this morning. she didn't mean it. She
didn't mean it. It just kind of came
out. It's hard. She's up all night with
baby.
How do you know? Go get her the red
velvet cupcake.
It's a good idea. With the purple
sprinkles on them. And then tonight you
Neptune's table to order the lobster.
You do that funny thing with the
It always makes you laugh. It's good.
It's good.
You don't regret having the baby.
Nothing like your dad. Stop telling
yourself that. You know the card?
With the dancing angels on her. it's
like. it's beautiful. Just don't write
a big apology in front of her. She
doesn't need it. She needs a nap. She
nap. And you could do one too.
Do you think I could go now?
Thank you.
tensions are near a breaking point as
both American and Russian strategic
bombers have reportedly flown to their
fail -safe points ready to proceed with
strike orders if given.
In a rare public statement. the Pentagon
confirms that the United States has
raised its defense readiness conditions
to DEFCON 2.
Colonel Susan Ramirez issued a stark
message earlier today.
We are in the most dangerous hours our
nation has faced since the 1962 Cuban
Missile.
Here at home. there's been a surge of
residents fleeing the areas near key
military installations.
I know.
I understand.
I'm sorry. Can I just say something?
I'll do it on the run.
Who is that?
Gosh.
why is he so funny?
Oh. great. Come on. this way.
Someone has to stop him. Maria needs
you. Do it now.
Do it now.
Recognizable. Recognizable. he said.
He's saying the actions are not
justified. They're only familiar.
There's this escalation that follows a
pattern. You follow the pattern. He's
endorsing aggression. It's very
important.
Sorry. the words are kind of close.
It's okay. I think it's just in here.
Thanks.
Mia. And good morning. Kansas City.
Let's take a look at today.
Let's take a look at today. We're going
to take a look at today. Today is...
Today...
Okay. clearly some troubles with the
maps and the forecast and now it's down.
let's work on that because we know you
need your weather news this morning
take a short break and when we come back
I love a day to sleep in. you know that?
Sorry. Sorry.
Get back inside.
It's the safest place you can be.
At some point soon. I'll say. Danny.
it's time you tell me everything.
And you will tell me everything.
What are we waiting for?
Let's go.
Down! Four legs. clear.
If you're out here looking for me. how
am I supposed to keep you alive?
Satchi. I've always taken you to a safe
house. If you're alive. you can check
back in with me.
Colonel Dobbins. you have learned what
we know when we know it. I'm in excess
our reporting obligations.
Let's get an aspirin. check here.
This is the most significant security
left in your organization's history.
It's a catastrophe.
The FBI has a significant IRR that we
can deploy immediately.
That is a mistake. Do not open the
aperture. There are 12 .000 FBI agents
are responsible.
I don't know why we don't utilize them.
The last thing we need is 12 .000 under
-informed feds stomping around and
calling attention to themselves. Stay in
lane. If we need the full battle rattle.
I'll call you.
This has hit social media.
The TV news broadcast has been canceled.
I'm sorry.
It's out there now.
Your issue.
Local weather lady of KPSC 4. Kansas
City. Missouri.
Margaret Fairchild. 38.
Born in Dorito. California.
Never married. no children.
Bachelor's degree in broadcasting.
We have a dialect. aren't we. in the
archives?
Yes.
And it matters.
What do you want to do?
Find her before you go. Joseph.
Who do we have on the ground in Kansas
City?
I'm on it.
Margaret. we're going to get started.
The test is going to be really noisy. so
I'm going to give you this ball in your
hand in case if you need me. throw out
the test. squeeze it any time you need
stop. Okay. keep your eyes closed. okay?
I'll be speaking to you the entire time
you're in there. okay?
Okay. Here we go. Here we go again.
Are you okay?
I don't know.
There's a deer.
It's that stare.
It's like... They're scared.
They're not.
They're bold.
But they run when you reach for a
camera.
It's time. Danny.
What is going on?
You won't believe me if I told you.
But I'm going to show you.
Your MRI is normal.
No strokes or masses.
So it's not neoplastic. and there's no
infarction.
You didn't find anything.
Most people would find that with burns.
What's going on with me? It doesn't make
sense.
Well. have you been under a lot of
stress lately?
No. No. I mean. today. but not today.
Your father had Parkinson's?
Are you saying that's what it is? No.
no. no. Not necessarily.
But at what age was Tom set?
He was 46. 47.
I was a teenager when he died.
Are they watching us? Who are those
guys?
They're with the FBI.
They have no questions for you after
we're finished here. How do you know
they're FBI?
They showed identification.
I don't remember it. I was 10 years old.
Do you have nightmares related to the
event? No.
All the time.
They haunt one rental house in the
woods.
And also. she sings in her sleep. No. I
don't do that. I don't do that. Do I do
that? You do.
She does.
Excuse me a minute.
What is that?
How could you say the one thing I never
told anyone but you? You don't mean much
of that. Because I don't remember it.
and then you tell a complete stranger.
They sing in my sleep when we join the
Korean. and I'm like. who? You're not a
stranger. You're doctors. You pull your
pants down in front of them. You tell
them stuff. That's how it works. What
the hell is the FBI doing here?
Daniel Calder.
Do you know who that is?
It's Dr.
Coleman. Is it Daniel Calder? I don't
know. but look. that's where she was
I feel like I need help getting to the
bathroom.
Do you?
Can you just roll with it. Jackson? My
God.
Hi. she needs to use the bathroom. I
need to use the bathroom.
Yeah.
Okay.
Uh. can we just slow down for one
minute?
I'll talk to you guys. What are you
doing?
I'm getting dressed. I'm getting
dressed. I'm leaving.
I gotta go. I gotta go.
Oh God. I'm so sorry.
What do you mean? You're bucking out?
What's wrong with you? I'm a very
uncooperative boyfriend.
Oh.
you gotta be kidding me.
What? Where is he?
You know that. Where is he?
reporting development of the
distraction.
Of what?
Into the Air Force Base in Florida in
1973.
Who's the guy with the thing?
Big TV star in the 50s makes him more
than impressive.
No.
Are they people?
Are they human?
That next part is hard to watch.
So here you go. show me. got me in a
little.
Okay.
There's more.
79 years more.
I had a relationship with him. and he
knew what he was doing with that thing.
Focus. Gave myself over to Kilmer for a
split second.
Such armor. Light out.
Stuck with the air out of my lungs.
And it can't be Richard.
You can't die with him.
He caught me. I don't know.
The shooter's dead.
There's going to be a whole lot we don't
know.
Maybe. I'm not going back in there to
find out.
There have been retrieval programs of
exotic craft.
interrogation of non -human biologics.
reverse engineering and
technology exploitation. all of it run
by WARDEX. the Department of Defense and
the defense industry.
It has the highest level of military and
private sector classification in
American history.
They've run us into the early 70s
without government funding. too many tax
dollars to try and hide. and off -world
artifacts. and too profitable to leave
in the hands of appointed officials.
especially after the next campaign.
Presidents are civilians again after
eight years. so there's no longer a
to read them in on any of this.
I was a part of all that until I saw
what you just saw.
That's all it stops.
What are you going to do?
Full disclosure. to the whole world. all
at once.
Have you considered what effect that
will have on everything?
Well. it's not up to me to decide if
it's good or bad for people to know.
Then how is it up to you to decide that
the right to know outweighs the
consequences of not knowing?
Are you saying we leave this up to
Vortex? They've already decided this
to them. The core truth about the
universe is wrong. You can't do that.
What about... People who see them as
deities. they'll stop believing in God.
You left the church.
Not because I stopped believing. because
I can no longer stay with certainty
that God is divine.
I believe profoundly that he's
essential.
He's how we define ourselves. He's what
keeps the whole civilization together.
We've been raised to believe in a
supreme being. and now you want to show
actual supreme beings?
People can't handle both.
Of course they can.
No. they can't.
Look at our history. It wasn't any
sudden change.
And now?
With the world about to blow up in all
our faces?
and in chaos.
God. help us.
Hugo's expecting you to check him.
No signal.
Try the other side of the hill.
Hello? I've been waiting a very long
time to meet you. Miss Fairchild.
Who is this?
A friend.
And if I'm right about you. Margaret.
you know how well I do.
No. I don't. I don't know you anymore.
and I don't know what's happening to me.
Very few people can manage this as well
as you. I'm not managing it. I'm not.
I'm frightened. I'm frightened.
Because you're just a passenger on your
way somewhere.
Let us help you get in there. Help me
how?
The FBI.
We want to offer you our protection.
We held back on reaching out until after
we saw your weather report.
You held back? What do you mean? What
does that mean?
Are you getting a lawyer?
Who is 873 -266?
Since you know that number. you must
already know it belongs there.
Tell her?
All right.
Listen carefully.
You cannot go home.
If you have another direction in mind.
even a vague inclination. follow it.
If we can find you by phone. others can
find you in the world.
They already found me.
Hang up.
Immediately. Destroy your phone.
How will you find me? I have every
confidence you'll find us. Do it now.
Okay. I'd like to point out that I'm
being extremely cool here and I'm
with it. Now it's a $600 phone.
It's still a $600 phone because you
messed it. Then hold forward until the
of the crunch. Come on.
Oh. God. you messed it again. Okay.
Why? Because that's where Daniel Kellner
is. Oh. my God. Who is it today? Some
guy in your bathroom? I'm just kidding.
You're giving me a headache. I don't
know what I'm doing here. I don't know
who he is. I just know he's done played
more. That's all I know. okay?
Oh. my God. What does that count?
It's a little dark. What?
Look at the video I just sent you.
Okay. hold on.
Yeah. so?
She's the woman I'm waiting for.
Her?
Why? Did you not hear her?
Yeah. I heard her.
And you still ask why?
Don't be afraid of what you don't know.
That's all she had to say.
That's what she said.
You didn't hear it?
We all heard it.
We can understand it. It's not English.
Of course it is.
Don't listen to it right now.
I'm sending you to Kansas City where
she's from.
We'll get a car to you. Wait a second.
You're not hearing it. It's perfectly
clear.
Have you played this to other people?
Stay with me.
A motel room queue will be in the carpet
direction.
Santiago will retrieve me in the
morning.
Bye. Ben.
I'll know what comes next.
Hugo. you're scaring the shit out of me.
There are two of you. Daniel.
There's always been just the two of you.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Please.
Have a seat.
Where are you right now. Trin?
What is your location?
I don't know. Relax. please.
Who are you? Oh. that's the question.
Are you still with Daniel Kelvin?
Where are you last night?
I remember St. Clair from my Sunday
school.
She was too sick to go to midnight mass.
She had a vision of it instead.
She was in two places at once. like me.
When you left. which way did you drive?
I don't know.
Was the sun up?
Did you drive into each other late for
me?
It was on the right.
I don't like you.
Not required.
Sun on the right.
Sun on the right. Ed. If you're north.
possibly on 5.
Could be on 27. 18. and 8.
Interstate. not likely. Focus on
frontage roads or potty highways.
Did you pass the street sign?
Yeah.
120 miles.
Street sign. Silver Spring. 120 miles.
I've got half a dozen towns off the
Silver Hollow. Oakshade. Ironhear.
Stonemont. Try for more details. Jane.
What else did you pass?
A river.
Passed a river.
Did you see a sign for a town after
that?
Yes. What does it say?
Sykesville. Sykesville.
Sykesville.
Field is narrowed.
Track can converge.
Trailer 27. take the lead. You're four
miles out.
Maintain maximum legal speed.
How soon after you saw the sign did you
make a turn?
A few minutes.
Did you turn right or left?
Right. Right.
Do you remember the name of the road?
No. Do you remember anything about the
road?
Ash Hollow Road. Three to four miles
outside Sykesville. That is.
Farmhouse at the end.
Found it.
Ash Hollow Road.
Target is a farmhouse.
You've done very well. Dan.
That was your country.
Perhaps I'll give one more second.
If we can't find Daniel or we miss him
again. you may need to stop him
Any way you can.
92 on 60 and holding. O2 still dropping
though. Let's start packing.
Hi. Eddie. Keep going.
Get away!
James.
What Tyler is trying to do is wrong.
It's dangerous.
It would tip the balance in an already
destabilized world.
Jane. could you stop him if you had to?
No.
Father. if you'd be willing. let this
cup pass me by.
Yet not as I will. but as you will.
And what did Christ say next?
By my will. thine will be done.
If the moment comes. I'll be with you.
And your light. Jerry. out of love for
Daniel. out of love for the human race.
What? Jason. come on. come on. come on.
Okay.
hold on. hold on.
What. did you throw it out the window
again?
Hey. Hugo. why am I the only one...
Daniel Kellner. Oh. my God. Daniel
They know where you are. They know. do
you understand?
Who is it?
Do not go back to the house.
Scan. scan. and dove on Jane. Does that
mean anything to you?
They found you. I don't know who you
are. and I don't know who they are. but
they're going to kill you. They're going
to kill you. Give me my phone. Give me
my phone.
Oh. my God.
I'm so done with your crazy shit.
Oh.
shit!
What's that?
Are you going to vote for him?
It was scary.
Is it button? Is it button?
They're down. They're down.
You know what's wrong with you?
If you think there's something wrong
with me. listen to me.
I won't be sane.
What? If you want me. I won't be insane.
The thing that's happening is not coming
from me. It's like I'm just a
passenger.
It's not a bad thing. It's like a really
good thing.
It's like your music.
You know when you're in the flow?
I'm in the flow.
When I told you I'd tell you when I get
where I'm supposed to be and...
This bit.
Right here.
That's where I'm supposed to be.
Oh.
We need to go north.
Because that's where David O 'Callaghan
is.
Sorry. No. He's east.
He's east now. How do you know he's
east? It's just I have this vague
inclination. But he's east now. It's
summery.
Where's summer?
Go out and get going.
I need an order.
Hey.
Hello? Hi.
Hi.
Do me a favor.
Dr. Coleman?
Yes. thank you. thank you for taking
off. I don't know. she just took off and
it's getting worse. much worse.
Yes. please. thank you.
Yes. hold on a second.
Do you know the address around here?
37 Pearl Street. Decatur.
We'll be here. Thank you.
She's going neat.
I can't see.
Better focus on getting you there
tomorrow.
Phew.
No.
no. they have to look away first.
Is this a memory or a dream?
You decided to keep all this to
yourself?
Because I care about you.
Because you have a job to do.
There's parts of me. from when I was a
kid. that I should be able to know
when I don't.
If they've caught me. I'm so scared.
You don't need to be.
You have me and someone else.
And when the time is right. everything
will become clear.
Daniel. Daniel.
The place seems to be in the morning
without fail.
There will be no other day like
tomorrow.
Where do you need me to go?
KCFC?
Where's KCFC?
Danny. I'm going to ask you to do some
jokes.
I want you to first look at this.
Can you understand what he's saying?
I hear it.
It's different. You can't understand it.
I just heard this for the first time.
and I can.
It's English.
English? I mean. it's math.
Turned English in my head. Translating
the word.
Can I look at this?
I hear them.
Daddy's gonna ask you to do something.
You can't hurt me anymore.
The backpack!
If someone's got it... I'm in. right?
Don't touch me.
Don't touch me. Don't touch me.
mislead Daniel.
We can talk another time about how
hurtful all this has been to me.
But here we are.
The archive safe.
And now you're going to tell me the name
of every confederate who bought eggs
and what exactly a humorous operation is
planning.
But first. we'll battle this nonsense.
How do you think you're doing driving
like this? You are Agent Tom Farley.
10 -digit ID code is 389 -339 -8887.
What's the take of it?
Agent Grady?
Yes. ma 'am. I'm Kentucky Philly. I have
a two -pound intent for me.
Follow me.
Oh. I'm sorry. Charles.
Hey. hey.
I've waited too long to tell you. And
now it's too late.
But I loved you like my own son.
Stop. Stop. Stop.
We said we'd go to the lake on Friday
and sing for my great puppy there and
Howard and Bobby and Teresa and
everybody.
How do you know these people? I don't.
You were just talking to them.
I don't understand what's happening. Get
in!
What is she?
I don't know.
Where are you taking us?
Kansas City.
Why there?
You don't have to go. though. Yeah.
yeah.
You're enjoying it. Yeah. I mean. it
feels good. It feels good. But you know.
You know. I mean. you've been driving
like a maniac the last few days.
How do you know that? I just know
things. Something happened to me a
days ago. and now I know things.
Things I don't really want to know. I
don't think I do want to know. I don't
really know at all. So I'm kind of
rolling with it. you know. like. oh.
you're in jail?
You know what I mean? It's crazy. It's
crazy.
I look at somebody. and I just drop in
on them.
It's like for a few seconds. I am them.
These things. they live.
It's like it's all happening to me. too.
You know. like right now. your soul is
killing you. Yeah. you just want to
I know you can't stop thinking about
Jane. and Jane should be back at the
monastery. St. Clarion.
Jane? I've been yesterday. driving with
Jackson.
And I flashed onto you without seeing
you.
It was so strong. It dropped right in on
you. That evening. he had been looking
at you. and that was the first time that
crazy shit has ever happened to me.
How long have you been able to do this?
Since yesterday. Since the bird.
What bird? The bird.
Flew in through my window. It was
beautiful. I looked at it. and then
it a cardinal?
Holy hell. you're freaking me the fuck
out.
I'm a queen.
I was in college. You were flunking out.
basically. right?
Yeah. I was pretty smart. You were. but
it was a party. It was a party in the
drug. the academy. Come on. man.
Sorry. I'm sorry. I was 20. I was in
college.
It was dark. I was in bed. and I dreamed
that something was watching me.
I woke up. and I was this bird. It was a
cardinal. In the window. and it looked
at me.
After that. everything was changed. I
saw things. context. patterns.
and I could see it all. A ray of
conviction.
It only solves if P then Q. Exactly.
Solves equations without even thinking.
And you read 8 -bit binary data like it
was English. Yeah. Nothing.
How do you know all this? I don't. You
do.
God. you hated it. It was a curse.
Yeah. I couldn't relate to anybody.
I left every friend I ever had. I
couldn't stand to be around people.
Instead of talking nonsense.
I understood every word. What are you
doing?
Oh. my God.
Oh.
my God.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
It's like my hair. my hands. and my
Parkinson's.
It's the same thing. It's not that.
It's the same thing. I can't control it.
I can't control it. I can't control it.
Oh. my God.
I ran away from her. I didn't want to be
around her anymore.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Stop.
Stop. Stop. Stop.
I'm here.
The calendar called in from a gas
station outside Mount Leonard. I'll meet
Santiago and his crew. We can meet in a
couple hours.
Should we go?
Could everyone leave the station area
for a minute. please?
Now. please. now!
Yep.
Calno was an experiencer. wasn't he?
That's why I couldn't dive on him.
Yes.
He was.
And in Vivo 17. what did you agree on?
Not any way to understand.
If this is all their plan. you're going
to be sure it's in their interest. not
ours. That's a very lonely way to look
at the world.
Now. don't condescend to me. I'm
listening to you. Noah.
Something I've learned quite a bit
about.
From your friends?
Yes. They regard empathy as an
evolutionary advantage. as the foremost
evolutionary advantage. In fact. the
core of animate existence.
Our rejection of this understanding is
leading us to our extinction.
And is your bleeding heart why you
helped to escape?
Five years ago. that was you. wasn't it?
Yes.
The utter insanity of that act aside.
how could you lie to me for five years?
Every time you walked through the door.
everything you said to me. it was all
diversion.
When precisely did you lose your
parents?
Around the time you lost yours.
You lost her and almost immediately you
lost me.
Because you shut down. Do not presume to
know me.
I see that you reduced everyone to need
to know. including me.
Because you were very clear. All you
needed to know was them. and they are
knowable. not by us.
They will be.
And before 17 is not human. but nearer
to God and no one than you or I. you
don't need to fear them.
I fear us.
The entire reason Ward Edge exists is
because of our knowledge certain that
human race cannot expect what we know.
That truth will upend all established
order across the entire world. The
Keldus stole is a virus against which
the world has zero immunity.
I have spent 35 years protecting... Your
own wealth and power. that's all you've
been protecting.
Now what?
There's an essential need in all of us
to believe.
and an equal need to be believed.
You've violated every standard of
evidence.
You've infantilized anyone who only
wanted to understand what they
You've brutally stifled their questions.
shouted them down. ridiculed and shamed
and overridden them for the crime of
simply being despotic.
We believe the believers and then deny
the world that we have to believe them
to. But people keep thundering.
Encountering the unknown. telling others
of their experiences. They are starved
for the truth.
This. any nine -year terror campaign of
obfuscation. lies. and cover -up has to
end.
We're ready to show you a demonstration.
Get out. Get out.
Sorry. sir. We're going to get out now.
Well. it's as well that he didn't drop
to work yesterday.
And he faces her with him right now.
Great job. neuroservices.
Good. Nathan Twinning. Hugo's chief
aide.
Got back towards their mobile providers.
Hang on.
They shut down their phones last night.
Right here.
I'll project the reset to overlap. I can
give you the AI model within a quarter
mile radius.
James? Where are you. James?
Does God love us?
I don't mean does He love us. I know He
does. Does He love only us?
Because Genesis says that we're His
supreme creation. but do you think it's
possible that on Earth?
What? Genesis.
It says we are God's supreme creation on
Earth.
Do you think there could be others?
Yes.
I would think so.
Why would he make such a vast universe
yet save it only for us?
If you found out we weren't alone. if
someone told you.
proved it to you. would that frighten
you?
all collapsed for you and every other
person of faith in the world then what
dear jane i don't think that you ever
doubted your belief
they say
you're paying because you borrowed their
phone
Remember being a kid?
Can
you
tell anything about me from when I was
small?
I know him. I know him!
Just gotta check real quick to be sure
nobody's in there with you.
If you think about fire trucks. everyone
gets the hell out of your way.
I'm glad you need them. never a doubt.
Margaret?
How about Margaret?
Do you know who I am?
Of course you do. Hugo.
Nathan. Chloe.
Marie.
Jordan.
Patricia.
Great.
Hi. Terry.
I think we got it mostly right.
Mark. why won't you look at me?
You're the guy. You're the guy who knows
everything.
And I'm not ready to know everything.
Including. like. why my mom and dad's
entire goddamn house is just sitting
there. What is going on? Why are you
doing this?
That's where I grew up. That's where I
grew up. This is my life.
This is my life. And this matters. What
I want. Who I am. Not who I am as you.
or him. or her. but as me.
To build all of this.
To create a passage.
To return you to your experience in the
most familiar way possible.
What experience?
The one you shared with Margaret.
I am not going back there.
How much do you remember about that
night? I don't remember.
And I don't want to remember. And I
don't want you making me remember.
Wait.
wait. wait.
Everything that happened to you on the
23rd of February in 1996 was blocked. I
don't want to know. I don't want to talk
about it. I don't remember.
Please don't make me. I don't want to
hear it anymore. I told you no.
with what your situation would demand of
you beyond today.
Deal with it if you require it.
of your life was activated only
yesterday.
And yours 15 years ago.
They gave you fluency in the language in
which the book of the universe is
written.
Mathematics taught it to you. imbued it
so you could understand them.
And they imbued you so you could
understand us.
If the two of you
always been just the two of you.
before. it'll be an instrument of your
will.
But you must give yourself over to it.
So find out what's happening to me.
Sleep in your bed.
Something will be up there in a minute.
Yes.
So what did you do?
I sang my song.
When I walked through the glass.
it was like this burden of warm water.
It was so. so warm.
Whoa.
The night to finally know you.
Okay. give me the thingy.
Normal imaging show 43 heat signatures
inside here.
All areas in conjunction with the K
-Zone structure is more than 5 feet
This is not right.
It's not going to last long. We've got
to come right now.
He can't see us. Let's go.
Quiet. Go quiet. Go quiet. Down the
aisle.
Everybody.
stop.
Let's go.
There's only one flesh in the sky.
And he needs you there tomorrow. even if
he can't say it.
I need to get to the loading dock.
Daniel. is it you? Can you help us? Of
course. I don't know what's happening.
but come on.
Hey. listen.
The loading dock is the second sign to
the right.
What exactly is happening?
Mark is in the loading dock.
Help her.
Control room?
What am I doing?
Come on. the control room is over there.
Follow me.
Tell me about him.
Maria and I moved out. we're gonna take
my sister now.
Good.
Thank you.
Do you want to make love?
Yeah.
Special report.
What report? Who's this guy? He's going
to upload it.
Do exactly what he says.
I'm putting it directly on your server.
Is this your copy? Yep.
We're in playback.
Oh. that's great. Stand by. They're
coming alive.
PD. what are your playback channels?
They're a WSYNC.
We're going to load up all of these.
Tell me you're wrong. You've got to
admit it. Hey. no tape today. I mean not
frame. Go straight to the feed and leave
it open. Director. no cups.
Let's play this stuff.
It's going to go outside your market
fast. How do I grab some of the
servers so Network has access? You
really think Network's going to bump
War III for whatever you get?
You bet they will.
Hey. Shay?
Yeah? Can you help us?
What? People said that Margaret's going
to go in for a special report.
Oh.
Get out of the chair. Shay.
Yeah.
Did you change your hair? Uh. kind of.
Hi. Hi. How are you?
Two teams. find the power source in the
emergency generator and shut them down.
Yes. sir.
Alpha team. if you're with me on that
sub station. block that central amity.
Bravo! Let's do it. Bravo team!
The emergency generator kicks in in five
seconds.
Daniel. they're outside. We need to go
now. We need to go right now.
Let's get her out of here.
Wait! Hold it!
Stop! Stop!
Thank you.
Somebody has to tell New York so they
can see that.
Pick up the phone.
Call them. It can't be local.
Make sure they know.
New York Control.
This is the director of KCXC for Kansas
City. We need you to take a look at our
feed on Skypath Railway.
Give me Kansas City feed on preview.
Quiet! Quiet! Shut up!
Take a look! Shut up! Take a look at
what's on preview.
Who is this? Why are we looking at this
lady? Wipe to three.
Good evening.
I'm Margaret Fairchild with a special
report.
Since 1973. a non -governmental
organization known as WORDX has
repressed known instances of
extraterrestrial visitation to our
Further. in collaboration with the
Department of Defense. WORDX has
reverse -engineered. and manufactured
technology based on recovered debris.
in some cases. they've engaged in
interrogation and mistreatment of the
-human occupant.
Yesterday. I met with a group of
courageous people who until recently
worked to hide the truth.
But the truth belongs to you.
This is for you.
This is for all of us who see and know.
This is Disclosure Day.
Did we verify this? Is it fake? Is it
AI?
The discriminator says no.
Thank you.
I'll get Kansas City up on the wall.
Wait. wait. wait. We've got to get
here. We need to break into progress.
I can't do that. I'm not going to nine
steps.
Somebody's going to pull it. Get in her
ear.
Now. go. go.
We've got to get through here. We've got
to get through here. We've got to get
through here.
Sorry. we have just attended an
extraordinary... I've got a breaking
you. What is it today? The thing she
said in Kansas City.
Let it out.
Copy that.
We are interrupting our coverage to
switch to our affiliates in
Kansas City.
KCFE has just obtained and is now
releasing archival footage. classified
and video that until this moment are
claims to have been under government
restriction. We are attempting to
authenticate now. but what I can tell
is... Hey. do you see this?
Oh. girl. I see it. I'm Echo Star 12.
Hey. you did it. Take it. What are you
doing?
Sending it out on the movie.
Hey. this is Kit. NBC New York.
Are we giving them the bug. guys?
No. Hey. I got it.
CNN. this is Kit. NBC New York.
This is an interrupt.
ABC. this is Kit. NBC New York.
Yeah. that is a U .S. Navy. This is U
.S. Navy. but it's a main camera.
They originate from secure military
installations.
We are seeing this for the first time
along with you. There you can see what
looks like military footage.
My goodness. it's from Roswell. New
Mexico. the long -former Roswell crash.
would have been in 1947.
I'm told possibly July 8th. 1947.
Go. lag one. take one. It says July 7th.
1947.
We're not. yeah. I'm not sure what this
is.
I don't know.
I'm sorry. I do not know what to say
about this.
Okay. I'm so sorry that you're having to
watch this along with me right now.
official government disclosure or if it
has been leaked to us unofficially
or something else entirely.
Oh my. hey. are people seeing this?
You are seeing this? Okay. we are seeing
this too.
Material that may or may not have been
cleared for public release.
34. All right. 34. take.
There you can see it says. object.
1965 is apparently another cross -bite
with military.
There's a civilian who appears to be in
charge.
My God. this is extraordinary.
Okay. let me be clear. This is not live
footage. These are previously classified
recordings. declassified only within the
last hour.
Tonight's international crisis was
already approaching the unimaginable.
this is now inconceivable we appear to
be.
Witnessing the public release of
material long shrouded in secrecy
raises profound questions about what is
happening in our skies. what is the
nature of who we are and what our place
is. I'm sorry.
38. Roll 38.
We promise to stay with you to report
only what we can verify. but we are no
longer talking about unconfirmed
reports.
The world has just changed profoundly.
If you are watching this. if you are
seeing this. you are not alone.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm